engine/3rdparty/glfw/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution Guide

## Contents

- [Asking a question](#asking-a-question)
- [Reporting a bug](#reporting-a-bug)
    - [Reporting a compile or link bug](#reporting-a-compile-or-link-bug)
    - [Reporting a segfault or other crash bug](#reporting-a-segfault-or-other-crash-bug)
    - [Reporting a context creation bug](#reporting-a-context-creation-bug)
    - [Reporting a monitor or video mode bug](#reporting-a-monitor-or-video-mode-bug)
    - [Reporting a window, input or event bug](#reporting-a-window-input-or-event-bug)
    - [Reporting some other library bug](#reporting-some-other-library-bug)
    - [Reporting a documentation bug](#reporting-a-documentation-bug)
    - [Reporting a website bug](#reporting-a-website-bug)
- [Requesting a feature](#requesting-a-feature)
- [Contributing a bug fix](#contributing-a-bug-fix)
- [Contributing a feature](#contributing-a-feature)


## Asking a question

Questions about how to use GLFW should be asked either in the [support
section](https://discourse.glfw.org/c/support) of the forum, under the [Stack
Overflow tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/glfw) or [Game
Development tag](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/glfw) on
Stack Exchange or in the IRC channel `#glfw` on
[Libera.Chat](https://libera.chat/).

Questions about the design or implementation of GLFW or about future plans
should be asked in the [dev section](https://discourse.glfw.org/c/dev) of the
forum or in the IRC channel.  Please don't open a GitHub issue to discuss design
questions without first checking with a maintainer.


## Reporting a bug

If GLFW is behaving unexpectedly at run-time, start by setting an [error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling).
GLFW will often tell you the cause of an error via this callback.  If it
doesn't, that might be a separate bug.

If GLFW is crashing or triggering asserts, make sure that all your object
handles and other pointers are valid.

For bugs where it makes sense, a short, self contained example is absolutely
invaluable.  Just put it inline in the body text.  Note that if the bug is
reproducible with one of the test programs that come with GLFW, just mention
that instead.

__Don't worry about adding too much information__.  Unimportant information can
be abbreviated or removed later, but missing information can stall bug fixing,
especially when your schedule doesn't align with that of the maintainer.

__Please provide text as text, not as images__.  This includes code, error
messages and any other text.  Text in images cannot be found by other users
searching for the same problem and may have to be re-typed by maintainers when
debugging.

You don't need to manually indent your code or other text to quote it with
GitHub Markdown; just surround it with triple backticks:

    ```
    Some quoted text.
    ```

You can also add syntax highlighting by appending the common file extension:

    ```c
    int five(void)
    {
        return 5;
    }
    ```

There are issue labels for both platforms and GPU manufacturers, so there is no
need to mention these in the subject line.  If you do, it will be removed when
the issue is labeled.

If your bug is already reported, please add any new information you have, or if
it already has everything, give it a :+1:.


### Reporting a compile or link bug

__Note:__ GLFW needs many system APIs to do its job, which on some platforms
means linking to many system libraries.  If you are using GLFW as a static
library, that means your application needs to link to these in addition to GLFW.

__Note:__ Check the [Compiling
GLFW](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html) guide and or [Building
applications](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/build.html) guide for before
opening an issue of this kind.  Most issues are caused by a missing package or
linker flag.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`) and the __compiler name and version__ (e.g. `Visual
C++ 2015 Update 2`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include the __complete build log__ from your compiler and linker,
even if it's long.  It can always be shortened later, if necessary.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Compiler version:
Release or commit:
Build log:
```


### Reporting a segfault or other crash bug

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
the __full call stack__ of the crash, or if the crash does not occur in debug
mode, mention that instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
Call stack:
```


### Reporting a context creation bug

__Note:__ Windows ships with graphics drivers that do not support OpenGL.  If
GLFW says that your machine lacks support for OpenGL, it very likely does.
Install drivers from the computer manufacturer or graphics card manufacturer
([Nvidia](https://www.geforce.com/drivers),
[AMD](https://www.amd.com/en/support),
[Intel](https://www-ssl.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/detect.html)) to
fix this.

__Note:__ AMD only supports OpenGL ES on Windows via EGL.  See the
[GLFW\_CONTEXT\_CREATION\_API](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/window_guide.html#window_hints_ctx)
hint for how to select EGL.

Please verify that context creation also fails with the `glfwinfo` tool before
reporting it as a bug.  This tool is included in the GLFW source tree as
`tests/glfwinfo.c` and is built along with the library.  It has switches for all
GLFW context and framebuffer hints.  Run `glfwinfo -h` for a complete list.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include the __GLFW version string__ (`3.2.0 X11 EGL clock_gettime
/dev/js`), as described
[here](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro.html#intro_version_string), the
__GPU model and driver version__ (e.g. `GeForce GTX660 with 352.79`), and the
__output of `glfwinfo`__ (with switches matching any hints you set in your
code) when reporting this kind of bug.  If this tool doesn't run on the machine,
mention that instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
GPU and driver:
Release or commit:
Version string:
glfwinfo output:
```


### Reporting a monitor or video mode bug

__Note:__ On headless systems on some platforms, no monitors are reported.  This
causes glfwGetPrimaryMonitor to return `NULL`, which not all applications are
prepared for.

__Note:__ Some third-party tools report more video modes than are approved of
by the OS.  For safety and compatibility, GLFW only reports video modes the OS
wants programs to use.  This is not a bug.

The `monitors` tool is included in the GLFW source tree as `tests/monitors.c`
and is built along with the library.  It lists all information GLFW provides
about monitors it detects.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
the __output of `monitors`__ when reporting this kind of bug.  If this tool
doesn't run on the machine, mention this instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
monitors output:
```


### Reporting a window, input or event bug

__Note:__ The exact ordering of related window events will sometimes differ.

__Note:__ Window moving and resizing (by the user) will block the main thread on
some platforms.  This is not a bug.  Set a [refresh
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/window.html#window_refresh) if you
want to keep the window contents updated during a move or size operation.

The `events` tool is included in the GLFW source tree as `tests/events.c` and is
built along with the library.  It prints all information provided to every
callback supported by GLFW as events occur.  Each event is listed with the time
and a unique number to make discussions about event logs easier.  The tool has
command-line options for creating multiple windows and full screen windows.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
if relevant, the __output of `events`__ when reporting this kind of bug.  If
this tool doesn't run on the machine, mention this instead.

__X11:__ If possible, please include what desktop environment (e.g. GNOME,
Unity, KDE) and/or window manager (e.g. Openbox, dwm, Window Maker) you are
running.  If the bug is related to keyboard input, please include any input
method (e.g. ibus, SCIM) you are using.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
events output:
```


### Reporting some other library bug

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling), if
relevant.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
```


### Reporting a documentation bug

If you found a bug in the documentation, including this file, then it's fine to
just link to that web page or mention that source file.  You don't need to match
the source to the output or vice versa.


### Reporting a website bug

If the bug is in the documentation (anything under `/docs/`) then please see the
section above.  Bugs in the rest of the site are reported to the [website
source repository](https://github.com/glfw/website/issues).


## Requesting a feature

Please explain why you need the feature and how you intend to use it.  If you
have a specific API design in mind, please add that as well.  If you have or are
planning to write code for the feature, see the section below.

If there already is a request for the feature you need, add your specific use
case unless it is already mentioned.  If it is, give it a :+1:.


## Contributing a bug fix

__Note:__ You must have all necessary [intellectual
property rights](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_property) to any
code you contribute.  If you did not write the code yourself, you must explain
where it came from and under what license you received it.  Even code using the
same license as GLFW may not be copied without attribution.

__There is no preferred patch size__.  A one character fix is just as welcome as
a thousand line one, if that is the appropriate size for the fix.

In addition to the code, a complete bug fix includes:

- Change log entry in `README.md`, describing the incorrect behavior
- Credits entries for all authors of the bug fix

Bug fixes will not be rejected because they don't include all the above parts,
but please keep in mind that maintainer time is finite and that there are many
other bugs and features to work on.

If the patch fixes a bug introduced after the last release, it should not get
a change log entry.

If you haven't already, read the excellent article [How to Write a Git Commit
Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).


## Contributing a feature

__Note:__ You must have all necessary rights to any code you contribute.  If you
did not write the code yourself, you must explain where it came from and under
what license.  Even code using the same license as GLFW may not be copied
without attribution.

__Note:__ If you haven't already implemented the feature, check first if there
already is an open issue for it and if it's already being developed in an
[experimental branch](https://github.com/glfw/glfw/branches/all).

__There is no preferred patch size__.  A one character change is just as welcome
as one adding a thousand line one, if that is the appropriate size for the
feature.

In addition to the code, a complete feature includes:

- Change log entry in `README.md`, listing all new symbols
- News page entry, briefly describing the feature
- Guide documentation, with minimal examples, in the relevant guide
- Reference documentation, with all applicable tags
- Cross-references and mentions in appropriate places
- Credits entries for all authors of the feature

If the feature requires platform-specific code, at minimum stubs must be added
for the new platform function to all supported and experimental platforms.

If it adds a new callback, support for it must be added to `tests/event.c`.

If it adds a new monitor property, support for it must be added to
`tests/monitor.c`.

If it adds a new OpenGL, OpenGL ES or Vulkan option or extension, support
for it must be added to `tests/glfwinfo.c` and the behavior of the library when
the extension is missing documented in `docs/compat.dox`.

If you haven't already, read the excellent article [How to Write a Git Commit
Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

Features will not be rejected because they don't include all the above parts,
but please keep in mind that maintainer time is finite and that there are many
other features and bugs to work on.

Please also keep in mind that any part of the public API that has been included
in a release cannot be changed until the next _major_ version.  Features can be
added and existing parts can sometimes be overloaded (in the general sense of
doing more things, not in the C++ sense), but code written to the API of one
minor release should both compile and run on subsequent minor releases.

Commit message:

feat: update glfw and vulkan macos lib, add volk lib

engine/3rdparty/glfw/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Guide

## Contents

- [Asking a question](#asking-a-question)
- [Reporting a bug](#reporting-a-bug)
    - [Reporting a compile or link bug](#reporting-a-compile-or-link-bug)
    - [Reporting a segfault or other crash bug](#reporting-a-segfault-or-other-crash-bug)
    - [Reporting a context creation bug](#reporting-a-context-creation-bug)
    - [Reporting a monitor or video mode bug](#reporting-a-monitor-or-video-mode-bug)
    - [Reporting a window, input or event bug](#reporting-a-window-input-or-event-bug)
    - [Reporting some other library bug](#reporting-some-other-library-bug)
    - [Reporting a documentation bug](#reporting-a-documentation-bug)
    - [Reporting a website bug](#reporting-a-website-bug)
- [Requesting a feature](#requesting-a-feature)
- [Contributing a bug fix](#contributing-a-bug-fix)
- [Contributing a feature](#contributing-a-feature)


## Asking a question

Questions about how to use GLFW should be asked either in the [support
section](https://discourse.glfw.org/c/support) of the forum, under the [Stack
Overflow tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/glfw) or [Game
Development tag](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/glfw) on
Stack Exchange.

Questions about the design or implementation of GLFW or about future plans
should be asked in the [dev section](https://discourse.glfw.org/c/dev) of the
forum.  Please don't open a GitHub issue to discuss design questions without
first checking with a maintainer.


## Reporting a bug

If GLFW is behaving unexpectedly at run-time, start by setting an [error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling).
GLFW will often tell you the cause of an error via this callback.  If it
doesn't, that might be a separate bug.

If GLFW is crashing or triggering asserts, make sure that all your object
handles and other pointers are valid.

For bugs where it makes sense, a short, self contained example is absolutely
invaluable.  Just put it inline in the body text.  Note that if the bug is
reproducible with one of the test programs that come with GLFW, just mention
that instead.

__Don't worry about adding too much information__.  Unimportant information can
be abbreviated or removed later, but missing information can stall bug fixing,
especially when your schedule doesn't align with that of the maintainer.

__Please provide text as text, not as images__.  This includes code, error
messages and any other text.  Text in images cannot be found by other users
searching for the same problem and may have to be re-typed by maintainers when
debugging.

You don't need to manually indent your code or other text to quote it with
GitHub Markdown; just surround it with triple backticks:

    ```
    Some quoted text.
    ```

You can also add syntax highlighting by appending the common file extension:

    ```c
    int five(void)
    {
        return 5;
    }
    ```

There are issue labels for both platforms and GPU manufacturers, so there is no
need to mention these in the subject line.  If you do, it will be removed when
the issue is labeled.

If your bug is already reported, please add any new information you have, or if
it already has everything, give it a :+1:.


### Reporting a compile or link bug

__Note:__ GLFW needs many system APIs to do its job, which on some platforms
means linking to many system libraries.  If you are using GLFW as a static
library, that means your application needs to link to these in addition to GLFW.

__Note:__ Check the [Compiling
GLFW](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html) guide and or [Building
applications](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/build.html) guide for before
opening an issue of this kind.  Most issues are caused by a missing package or
linker flag.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`) and the __compiler name and version__ (e.g. `Visual
C++ 2015 Update 2`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include the __complete build log__ from your compiler and linker,
even if it's long.  It can always be shortened later, if necessary.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Compiler version:
Release or commit:
Build log:
```


### Reporting a segfault or other crash bug

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
the __full call stack__ of the crash, or if the crash does not occur in debug
mode, mention that instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
Call stack:
```


### Reporting a context creation bug

__Note:__ Windows ships with graphics drivers that do not support OpenGL.  If
GLFW says that your machine lacks support for OpenGL, it very likely does.
Install drivers from the computer manufacturer or graphics card manufacturer
([Nvidia](https://www.geforce.com/drivers),
[AMD](https://www.amd.com/en/support),
[Intel](https://www-ssl.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/detect.html)) to
fix this.

__Note:__ AMD only supports OpenGL ES on Windows via EGL.  See the
[GLFW\_CONTEXT\_CREATION\_API](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/window_guide.html#window_hints_ctx)
hint for how to select EGL.

Please verify that context creation also fails with the `glfwinfo` tool before
reporting it as a bug.  This tool is included in the GLFW source tree as
`tests/glfwinfo.c` and is built along with the library.  It has switches for all
GLFW context and framebuffer hints.  Run `glfwinfo -h` for a complete list.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include the __GLFW version string__ (`3.2.0 X11 EGL clock_gettime
/dev/js`), as described
[here](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro.html#intro_version_string), the
__GPU model and driver version__ (e.g. `GeForce GTX660 with 352.79`), and the
__output of `glfwinfo`__ (with switches matching any hints you set in your
code) when reporting this kind of bug.  If this tool doesn't run on the machine,
mention that instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
GPU and driver:
Release or commit:
Version string:
glfwinfo output:
```


### Reporting a monitor or video mode bug

__Note:__ On headless systems on some platforms, no monitors are reported.  This
causes glfwGetPrimaryMonitor to return `NULL`, which not all applications are
prepared for.

__Note:__ Some third-party tools report more video modes than are approved of
by the OS.  For safety and compatibility, GLFW only reports video modes the OS
wants programs to use.  This is not a bug.

The `monitors` tool is included in the GLFW source tree as `tests/monitors.c`
and is built along with the library.  It lists all information GLFW provides
about monitors it detects.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
the __output of `monitors`__ when reporting this kind of bug.  If this tool
doesn't run on the machine, mention this instead.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
monitors output:
```


### Reporting a window, input or event bug

__Note:__ The exact ordering of related window events will sometimes differ.

__Note:__ Window moving and resizing (by the user) will block the main thread on
some platforms.  This is not a bug.  Set a [refresh
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/window.html#window_refresh) if you
want to keep the window contents updated during a move or size operation.

The `events` tool is included in the GLFW source tree as `tests/events.c` and is
built along with the library.  It prints all information provided to every
callback supported by GLFW as events occur.  Each event is listed with the time
and a unique number to make discussions about event logs easier.  The tool has
command-line options for creating multiple windows and full screen windows.

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

If you are running your program in a virtual machine, please mention this and
include the __VM name and version__ (e.g. `VirtualBox 5.1`).

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling) and
if relevant, the __output of `events`__ when reporting this kind of bug.  If
this tool doesn't run on the machine, mention this instead.

__X11:__ If possible, please include what desktop environment (e.g. GNOME,
Unity, KDE) and/or window manager (e.g. Openbox, dwm, Window Maker) you are
running.  If the bug is related to keyboard input, please include any input
method (e.g. ibus, SCIM) you are using.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
events output:
```


### Reporting some other library bug

Always include the __operating system name and version__ (e.g. `Windows
7 64-bit` or `Ubuntu 15.10`).  If you are using an official release of GLFW,
include the __GLFW release version__ (e.g. `3.1.2`), otherwise include the
__GLFW commit ID__ (e.g.  `3795d78b14ef06008889cc422a1fb8d642597751`) from Git.

Please also include any __error messages__ provided to your application via the
[error
callback](https://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/intro_guide.html#error_handling), if
relevant.


#### Quick template

```
OS and version:
Release or commit:
Error messages:
```


### Reporting a documentation bug

If you found a bug in the documentation, including this file, then it's fine to
just link to that web page or mention that source file.  You don't need to match
the source to the output or vice versa.


### Reporting a website bug

If the bug is in the documentation (anything under `/docs/`) then please see the
section above.  Bugs in the rest of the site are reported to the [website
source repository](https://github.com/glfw/website/issues).


## Requesting a feature

Please explain why you need the feature and how you intend to use it.  If you
have a specific API design in mind, please add that as well.  If you have or are
planning to write code for the feature, see the section below.

If there already is a request for the feature you need, add your specific use
case unless it is already mentioned.  If it is, give it a :+1:.


## Contributing a bug fix

__Note:__ You must have all necessary [intellectual
property rights](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_property) to any
code you contribute.  If you did not write the code yourself, you must explain
where it came from and under what license you received it.  Even code using the
same license as GLFW may not be copied without attribution.

__There is no preferred patch size__.  A one character fix is just as welcome as
a thousand line one, if that is the appropriate size for the fix.

In addition to the code, a complete bug fix includes:

- Change log entry in `README.md`, describing the incorrect behavior
- Credits entries in `CONTRIBUTORS.md` for all authors of the bug fix

Bug fixes will not be rejected because they don't include all the above parts,
but please keep in mind that maintainer time is finite and that there are many
other bugs and features to work on.

If the patch fixes a bug introduced after the last release, it should not get
a change log entry.

If you haven't already, read the excellent article [How to Write a Git Commit
Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).


## Contributing a feature

__Note:__ You must have all necessary rights to any code you contribute.  If you
did not write the code yourself, you must explain where it came from and under
what license.  Even code using the same license as GLFW may not be copied
without attribution.

__Note:__ If you haven't already implemented the feature, check first if there
already is an open issue for it and if it's already being developed in an
[experimental branch](https://github.com/glfw/glfw/branches/all).

__There is no preferred patch size__.  A one-character change is just as welcome
as one adding a thousand lines, if that is the appropriate size for the
feature.

In addition to the code, a complete feature includes:

- Change log entry in `README.md`, listing all new symbols
- News page entry in `docs/news.md`, briefly describing the feature
- Guide documentation, with minimal examples, in the relevant guide in the `docs` folder
- Reference documentation, with all applicable tags
- Cross-references and mentions in appropriate places
- Credits entries in `CONTRIBUTORS.md` for all authors of the feature

If the feature requires platform-specific code, at minimum stubs must be added
for the new platform function to all supported and experimental platforms.

If it adds a new callback, support for it must be added to `tests/event.c`.

If it adds a new monitor property, support for it must be added to
`tests/monitor.c`.

If it adds a new OpenGL, OpenGL ES or Vulkan option or extension, support
for it must be added to `tests/glfwinfo.c` and the behavior of the library when
the extension is missing documented in `docs/compat.md`.

If you haven't already, read the excellent article [How to Write a Git Commit
Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

Features will not be rejected because they don't include all the above parts,
but please keep in mind that maintainer time is finite and that there are many
other features and bugs to work on.

Please also keep in mind that any part of the public API that has been included
in a release cannot be changed until the next _major_ version.  Features can be
added and existing parts can sometimes be overloaded (in the general sense of
doing more things, not in the C++ sense), but code written to the API of one
minor release should both compile and run on subsequent minor releases.
